## What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"

"Thick mapping" differs from "mapping" as the former takes the foundational principles of the latter and then expands on it in both a time-based and ethical-based scope. This means that mapping generally goes beyond the presentation or display of information and takes into account cultural context, historical contexts, and ethical/moral questions. Time also is measured differently, as it may not necessarily represent a moment in time, but will rather try to convey a periods of time instead. This results in a map that is more interactive and integrated with the passage of time, as well as one that is likely more applicable to the real-world issues. In other words, change is mapped and put into this form.

##  How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?

The theory of "thick mapping" informs narratives that are influencing my life because they analyze change of a variable over a period of time. I think the most blatant example that comes to mind is looking at WHO maps of how COVID-19 evolved since the beginning (January of last year) to the present day. While there are many elements that can be mapped, case number, hospitalizations, and death numbers are the most common factors that are mapped. Usually on these visuals one can view how cases rose or decreased over time. Furthermore, these maps are dynamic in that they change as new information comes in (e.g. earlier cases that were previously undetected) and that they immediately pertain to one of the biggest concerns in our lives; in other words, there is a certain sense of connection with these thick maps. Finally, these makes also work to raise questions and asks the audience to regard the current issue with similar issues in the past (e.g. looking at past pandemics). 
